{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs24
\b Lox Fund CLI \emdash\ Command Guide (easy \rightarrow\ advanced)\b0\par
\par
\b 0) Quick mental model\b0\par
Lox has three daily pillars: \b Account briefing\b0, \b Autopilot trades\b0, and \b NAV tracking\b0.\par
\par
\b 1) The easiest daily commands (no flags)\b0\par
\pard\li360
\b lox account \par\b0 Shows basic account balances (mode/cash/equity/buying power).\par
\b lox account summary \par\b0 LLM briefing of positions + concrete risk watch (trackers + US/USD events + curated links).\par
\b lox autopilot run-once \par\b0 Generates a budgeted trade plan from regimes (default engine is regime-analogs + factor momentum).\par
\b lox nav snapshot \par\b0 Writes a NAV snapshot from Alpaca and computes returns.\par
\b lox nav investor report \par\b0 Shows investor ownership/basis/value/P\~\&L via unitized NAV.\par
\pard\par
\b 2) The “execute trades” workflow (paper-first)\b0\par
\pard\li360
\b lox autopilot run-once --execute \par\b0 Prompts and submits PAPER orders (unless you also enable live).\par
\b lox autopilot run-once --execute --live \par\b0 Allows LIVE orders only if ALPACA\_PAPER=false, with extra confirmations.\par
\pard\par
\b 3) Thesis / explainability (recommended)\b0\par
\pard\li360
\b lox autopilot run-once --thesis inflation\_fiscal --explain \par\b0 Biases toward inflation+fiscal-wall exposures and prints WHY THESE TRADES (drivers + US/USD events + Treasury auctions).\par
\b lox autopilot run-once --no-explain \par\b0 Quiet mode (trade table only).\par
\pard\par
\b 4) Options / high-variance scanners\b0\par
\pard\li360
\b lox options moonshot \par\b0 Finds in-budget longshot options ideas, with review/execute prompts.\par
\b lox options moonshot --ticker SLV \par\b0 Single-name moonshot.\par
\b lox options moonshot --ticker AAPL --catalyst-mode --theory \par\b0 Single-name catalyst mode: pulls an earnings/news dossier, picks expiry around next earnings when available, generates an LLM catalyst summary, and recommends \b qty=1\b0 (ignores account cash).\par
\b lox options moonshot --ticker AAPL --catalyst-mode --require-sp500 \par\b0 Optional guardrail: refuse non-S\~\&P tickers.\par
\pard\par
\b 5) Fund accounting (investors + cashflows)\b0\par
\pard\li360
\b lox nav investor import "Investor list.xlsx" \par\b0 Imports investor code/amount/join date from Excel into the investor ledger.\par
\b lox nav investor contribute JL 50 --note "Feb add" \par\b0 Logs a contribution that updates BOTH the fund cashflow ledger and the investor ledger (same timestamp).\par
\b lox nav show \par\b0 Shows the NAV sheet (history).\par
\pard\par
\b 6) Model diagnostics (research)\b0\par
\pard\li360
\b lox model macro-model-eval --basket starter --book longonly \par\b0 Walk-forward evaluation: Spearman, hit rate, top-bottom spread, portfolio returns.\par
\b lox model macro-model-eval-ab --basket starter --book longonly \par\b0 A/B sweep: tests adding each regime family (whitelist-extra) and compares metrics.\par
\b lox model macro-model-dataset --basket starter --limit 20 \par\b0 Inspect/export the training dataset used by the ML model.\par
\pard\par
\b 7) Idea generation from a link (LLM)\b0\par
\pard\li360
\b lox ideas event --url <URL> --thesis "..." \par\b0 Turns a news link into structured hedge/trade ideas; can optionally execute.\par
\pard\par
\b 8) Power-user / Labs\b0\par
\pard\li360
\b lox labs <module> ... \par\b0 Regime builders, datasets, diagnostics, legacy tools.\par
\b Examples:\b0\par
\pard\li720
lox labs fiscal snapshot\par
lox labs rates snapshot\par
lox labs regimes show\par
\pard\par
\b Notes\b0\par
\pard\li360
- Use \b lox <command> --help\b0 to see flags.\par
- Paper vs live is controlled by \b ALPACA\_PAPER\b0 and \b --live\b0.\par
\pard\par
}

